Update README.md (#27)
PX4/px4_msgs: README.md

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/PX4/px4_msgs.svg)](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msg/blob/master/LICENSE) [![Build package](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs/workflows/Build%20package/badge.svg)](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs/actions)

> This interface package contains the ROS 2 message definitions of the [PX4 Pro ecosystem](https://px4.io/). Building this package generates all the required interfaces to interface ROS 2 nodes with the PX4 autopilot internals.

Reviewer: We are no longer using "PX4 Pro" 

```suggestion
ROS 2 message definitions for the [PX4 Autopilot](https://px4.io/) project.

Building this package generates all the required interfaces to interface ROS 2 nodes with the PX4 internals.
```

Author: I see, thanks!

## Supported versions and compatibility

Depending on the PX4 and ROS versions you want to use, you need to checkout the appropriate branch of this package:

> | PX4 version   | ROS 2 versions          | branch                                                            |

Reviewer: I think we should also add the Ubuntu version we support for each @beniaminopozzan. Would that be possible?

Author: Yes, done!

Reviewer: Would it be possible to use this format?

```
| ROS     | PX4    | Ubuntu       |
| ------- | ------ | ------------ |
| Foxy    | [v1.13](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs/tree/release/1.13)  | Ubuntu 20.04 |
| Humble  | ≥ [v1.14](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs/tree/release/1.14) | Ubuntu 22.04 |
| Rolling | ≥ [v1.14](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs/tree/release/1.14) | Ubuntu 22.04 |
```

Author: This exclude the combination Foxy + v1.14, I can expand on this though:

| PX4            | ROS 2   | Ubuntu       | branch                                                            |
|----------------|---------|--------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [v1.13](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs/tree/release/1.13)           | Foxy    | Ubuntu 20.04 | [release/1.13](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs/tree/release/1.13) |
| [v1.14](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs/tree/release/1.14)           | Foxy    | Ubuntu 20.04 | [release/1.14](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs/tree/release/1.14) |
| [v1.14](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs/tree/release/1.14)           | Humble  | Ubuntu 22.04 | [release/1.14](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs/tree/release/1.14) |
| [v1.14](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs/tree/release/1.14)           | Rolling | Ubuntu 22.04 | [release/1.14](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs/tree/release/1.14) |
| [main](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs/tree/main)  | Foxy    | Ubuntu 22.04 | [main](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs)                           |
|[main](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs/tree/main)  | Humble  | Ubuntu 22.04 | [main](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs)                           |
| [main](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs/tree/main)   | Rolling | Ubuntu 22.04 | [main](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs)                           |

What do you think?
I cannot put "≥ v1.14" as v1.14 (release/1.14) and `main` have already diverged in term off messages definitions.

|---------------|-------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1.13          | Foxy                    | [release/1.13](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs/tree/release/1.13) |
| 1.14          | Foxy - Humble - Rolling | [release/1.14](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs/tree/release/1.14) |
| `main` branch | Foxy - Humble - Rolling | [main](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs)                           |

> ### Manual messages synchronization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Messages Sync from PX4
```

> When PX4 message definitions in the `main` branch of [PX4 Autopilot](https://github.com/PX4/Autopilot) change, a CI/CD pipeline automatically copies and pushes updated ROS message definitions to this repository. This ensures that this repository `main` branch and the PX4-Autopilot `main` branch are always up to date.

Reviewer: Consider adding a link to the CI workflow and actions.

* [Workflow](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/blob/main/.github/workflows/metadata.yml#L119) 
* [Actions](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/actions/workflows/metadata.yml)

Author: Yes! I added the Workflow link.

However, if you are using a custom PX4 version and you modified existing messages or created new one, then you have to manually synchronize them in this repository:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Manual Message Sync

```

- Checkout the correct branch associated to the PX4 version from which you detached you custom version.
- Delete all `*.msg` files in `msg/` and copy all `*.msg` files from `PX4-Autopilot/msg/` in it. Assuming that this repository and the PX4-Autopilot repository are placed in your home folder, you can run:
  ```sh
  rm -f ~/px4_msgs/msg/*.msg
  cp ~/PX4-Autopilot/msg/*.msg ~/px4_msgs/msg/
  ```

## Install, build and usage

Check [Using colcon to build packages](https://docs.ros.org/en/humble/Tutorials/Beginner-Client-Libraries/Creating-Your-First-ROS2-Package.html#build-a-package) to understand how this can be built inside a workspace. Check the [PX4 ROS 2 User Guide](https://docs.px4.io/main/en/ros/ros2_comm.html) section on the PX4 documentation for further details on how this integrates PX4 and how to exchange messages with the autopilot.

## Bug tracking and feature requests

Use the [Issues](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs/issues) section to create a new issue. Report your issue or feature request [here](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs/issues/new).

## Questions and troubleshooting

> Reach the PX4 development team on the PX4 Discord Server:

Reviewer: Can you please move the badge to the top of the readme? I think its best if it matches what we have on PX4 Autopilot repo.

Author: Done!
